hi I'm Wilfred ramas founder of the
grammas video tutorial series at I can
make the difference between looking
polished and so so today we are going to
be taking a look at one of the most
distinguished staple shots the full
Windsor let's take a look first start
with the wide end of your next high on
the right extending about 12 inches
below the narrow end then cross over the
narrow end bring the wide and up through
the loop between the collar of your kind
then bring the wide and back down now
now now no bring the wide and back down
the winding narrow and when then right
back Google been using that right again
I do that and right-handed inside the
inside out draw it up the collar then
bring the wide end across through the
front and the right Lou then pull the
wide end up through the whoop loop Loper
fun and using both hands tied in the not
carefully end oh nana nana start with
the wine and the wide end then cross
over hon god no no is over the wide and
narrow and then bring up through then
bring it then bring the wide end up
through in between the loop between the
collar or tie then bring the wide and
back down down huh no no
it's a very important I for the business
world the ties can I go home
yo guys what's going on it's me oddball
math I hope you enjoyed that weird ass
video oh you know tell me what you think
in the comments don't forget to follow
me on twitter friend me on Facebook all
that cool stuff so you can find out when
my new videos are coming out thanks a
lot thumbs up see you guys next time and
if you'd like to see me Vlad a little
bit this video continues on this camera
right here you can watch it back to back
you know I mean so I'll see you guys
later you know hear their Facebook
Twitter wherever you want to go pee